Hey, guys.
What's up?
It's Rob Dodson here.
I just wanted to
take this moment
to thank you all so
much for checking out
this first season of
"Polycasts" and wish
you all very happy holidays.
We're going to be going on a
very short break for the winter
season, but we'll be
back in the new year
with tons of new content.
I don't want to leave
you totally empty-handed,
so we've got tons of content
from the Chrome Dev Summit
which we can now watch today.
It's all available online.
There's about an hour and a
half worth of videos for you
to check out.
We've got talks from
Dimitri Glazkov,
the godfather of web components.
He's going to give you the
back story on web components,
and also tell you how to
create reusable components.
Matt McNulty from the
Polymer Engineering team
talks about the
roadmap to Polymer 1.0.
And there's also a
talk from yours truly
about building Polymer
applications, especially
ones that work well offline.
And these things
are also available
down in the video description.
Now, we're also
trying to figure out
what you would like to
see in the second season
of "Polycasts."
So if you follow
this link right here,
we've got a survey
that we put together.
You can tell us what kind of
content you'd like us to make.
So if you're interested in
learning more about testing,
or performance, or
accessibility, you let us know,
and we'll try to make
that content happen.
Again, it's been a total blast
putting this first season
together.
I wish you all very happy
holidays and safe travels,
and I'll see you in 2015.